The modern age is the age of science. Science plays an important role in our daily life. There are many wonders of science.
The most useful gift of science is electricity. It runs industries, factories, etc. All our home appliances run on
electricity.

The Discovery of medicines and vaccines has helped to cure many dreadful diseases. With the advancement of medical science,
organ transplantation is also possible nowadays. Trains, buses, cars, aeroplanes and ships have made our travel easier
and more comfortable. We can reach any part of the world within hours with the blessing of science.

Now we can communicate with a person who lives far from us within a few seconds. The Discovery of Mobile, Internet, T.V.,
etc. have reduced the distance between people. Science has brought tremendous changes in the agriculture sector with
the introduction of agricultural tools and machinery. Farmers use scientific tools for cultivation and grow more foods,
crops, fruits, etc. The computer is the most wonderful invention of science. They have solved a lot of problems of man.

The electric light and fan, the electric oven, the refrigerator – all are products of science. Railways, ships, motor
cars, aeroplanes take us to distant places safely in a very short time. The telegraph, the telephone and the radio have
made communication very quick. The television and the cinema entertain us. Computers are working wonders in every sphere
of our life. Science has also given us good medicines for dangerous diseases. Scientists have sent artificial satellites
into space and have already landed on the Moon and expect to reach the Mars within a short time.

But science has proved to be a curse also. It has been misused to make deadly weapons like the atom bomb, the hydrogen
bomb and poisonous gas which can destroy the world in a short time. We should use science only for the good of mankind.

Science is the greatest boon to the modern world. But innovations and discoveries have also become destructive for
mankind in various ways. Discoveries like nuclear weapons and hydrogen bombs can ruin everything in seconds. We must
ensure the proper use of the inventions of science in order to save the world from the dark side of science.
